BD-4911: Add additional failure insights in Braze Currents for webhook and Connected Content - MERGE 7/10 (#9981)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_help/help_articles/api/webhook_connected_content_errors.md

### Message Activity Log entries

There will be at least one entry in the [Message Activity Log]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/message_activity_log_tab) related to the error that triggered the automated email.

### Additional failure insights in Braze Currents

> To increase transparency into webhook-related issues, Braze now streams detailed webhook failure events to Currents and Snowflake Data Sharing. These events include failed webhook requests (e.g., HTTP 4xx/5xx responses), providing more observability into how webhook issues may impact message delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To increase transparency into webhook-related issues, Braze streams detailed webhook failure events to Currents and Snowflake Data Sharing. These events include failed webhook requests (such as HTTP `4xx` or `5xx` responses), providing more observability into how webhook issues may impact message delivery.
```

> To increase transparency into webhook-related issues, Braze streams detailed webhook failure events to Currents and Snowflake Data Sharing. These events include failed webhook requests (such as HTTP `4xx` or `5xx` responses), providing more observability into how webhook issues may impact message delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To increase transparency into webhook-related issues, Braze streams detailed webhook failure events to Currents and Snowflake Data Sharing. These events include failed webhook requests (such as HTTP `4xx` or `5xx` responses), providing more observability into how webhook issues may impact message delivery. Note that failure events include terminal errors as well as errors that are being retried.
```
